release: v1.47.0 (#5180)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_bryn_internal_server_error.md

> ### 5xx Internal server error responses are structured errors ([PR #5159](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5159))
> 
> An internal server error (5xx class) which occurs as a result of an unexpected/unrecoverable disruption to the GraphQL request lifecycle execution (e.g., a coprocessor failure, etc.) will now result in a structured GraphQL error (i.e., `{"errors": [...]}`) being returned to the client rather than a plain-text error as was the case previously.
> 
> When these circumstances occur, the underling error message — which may be any number of internal disruptions — will still be logged at an `ERROR` level to the router logs for the administrator of the router to monitor and use for debugging purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 5xx internal server error responses returned as GraphQL structured errors ([PR #5159](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5159))

Previously, the router returned internal server errors (5xx class) as plaintext to clients. Now in this release, the router returns these 5xx errors as structured GraphQL (for example, `{"errors": [...]}`). 

Internal server errors are returned upon unexpected or unrecoverable disruptions to the GraphQL request lifecycle execution. When these occur, the underlying error messages are logged at an `ERROR` level to the router's logs.
```
